README.md, before:

# eventbus3-intellij-plugin

Plugin to navigate between events posted by [EventBus](https://github.com/greenrobot/EventBus).

### `Post` to `@Subscribe` and `@Subscribe` to `Post`

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kgmyshin/eventbus3-intellij-plugin/master/art/cap.gif)

## Download



## Install

There are two ways.

- Preference -> Plugins -> Browse `EventBus` -> Select `EventBus3 Intellij Plugin` -> push Install plugin Btn.

- [Download](https://github.com/kgmyshin/eventbus3-intellij-plugin/raw/master/eventbus3-intellij-plugin.jar) the plugin jar and select "Install Plugin From Disk" in IntelliJ's plugin preferences.


## License 

```
Copyright 2015 kgmyshin

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
```

Commit message:

1. Modify the readme , add change log

README.md, after:

# eventbus3-intellij-plugin

## Change Log

### 2016-09-05
Originator did not reply our's issue,I try to let it work

- Fix for EventBus3 new package name


原作者没有回应issue，我尝试让这个插件可以工作

- 主要BUg修复工作：修改包名和方法名以适应EventBus 3.X


Plugin to navigate between events posted by [EventBus](https://github.com/greenrobot/EventBus).

### `Post` to `@Subscribe` and `@Subscribe` to `Post`

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kgmyshin/eventbus3-intellij-plugin/master/art/cap.gif)

## Download



## Install

There are two ways.

- Preference -> Plugins -> Browse `EventBus` -> Select `EventBus3 Intellij Plugin` -> push Install plugin Btn.

- [Download](https://github.com/kgmyshin/eventbus3-intellij-plugin/raw/master/eventbus3-intellij-plugin.jar) the plugin jar and select "Install Plugin From Disk" in IntelliJ's plugin preferences.


## License 

```
Copyright 2015 kgmyshin

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
```
